---
layout: post
title:  "Wedding"
date:  2019-07-20
categories: self
tags: [self, wedding, wife, family]
---

I proposed to Kaitlin around the middle of August 2018. I was nervous. Thankfully she said yes. I wasn't surprised; we had discussed marriage. I had asked her dad for permission the previous day so I think she saw it coming. We decided to have the wedding in the Summer of 2019 and started looking for locations immediately.

{% include image.html url="/assets/img/1024/2018-09-28-Kaitlin-and-Deer.jpg" description="Kaitlin at Addison Oaks" %}

We didn't end up having the wedding at Addison Oaks. After a cool farm location fell through we decided to have the wedding and reception at the Scarab Club in Detroit. It's an awesome art gallery right behind the DIA.

{% include image.html url="/assets/img/1024/2019-07-20-Scarab-Club.jpg" description="Scarab Club front door" %}

We have all heard nightmare stories about wedding planning, but I am lucky and Kaitlin is amazing. She handled mostly everything with relatively little stress. It all came together just right as the day approached.

{% include image.html url="/assets/img/1024/2019-07-20-Invite.jpg" description="Invite and rings" %}

Finally the day had arrived. When we first visited the gallery the exhibit was photos of gross conditions in restaurants taken by a former health inspector. It was interesting but not wedding material. Fortunately the exhibit for our day was more appropriate:

{% include image.html url="/assets/img/1024/2019-07-20-Scarab-Club-Gallery.jpg" description="Wedding day exhibit" %}

 